docs: removing link (#2344)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edge.md

- Support for pre-provisioned and on-site device registration

> Palette's Edge solution is designed for sites that typically have one or more small devices, such as Intel NUC. An
> instance of Palette optimized for edge computing is installed in the device along with the operating system and
> Kubernetes.

Author: ```suggestion
Palette's Edge solution is designed for sites that typically have one or more small devices, such as [Asus NUC](https://www.asus.com/us/displays-desktops/nucs/nuc-mini-pcs). An
instance of Palette optimized for edge computing is installed in the device along with the operating system and
Kubernetes.
```
